welcome back to mrs rundown in today's video i am
going to be recapping the events of spider-man a
2002 action slash fantasy film spoilers ahead you
have been warned now like the video and subscribe
to the channel if you enjoy this video peter
parker a nerdy high school senior in new york city
his parents are dead and he lives with his
uncle bannon aunt may he has a crush on his
next-door neighbor mary jane watson who is also
one of the few classmates who is nice to him
her boyfriend flash and his buddies pick on him
peter's only friend is harry osborne who though
rich and good-looking is similarly an outcast
harry however is somewhat jealous of the affection
his father norman chose peter norman the head
of weapons contractor oscorp appreciates peter's
scientific aptitude and can barely conceal his
desire that peter was his own son peter science
class takes a field trip to a genetics laboratory
at columbia university the lab works on spiders
and has even managed to create new species
of spiders through genetic manipulation and
combination while peter is taking photographs of
mary jane for the school newspaper one of these
new spiders lands on his hand and bites him peter
comes home feeling ill and immediately goes to bed
at the genetic level the venom injected by the
spider bite begins to work strange magic on peter
meanwhile general slocum visits ozcorp to see
the results of their new super soldier formula
when one of norman's top scientists dr strom
warns him the formula is unstable general slocum
threatens to pull all of the military's funding
from oscorp later that night norman exposes
himself to the formula he gains superhuman
strength and agility but is driven insane
he kills strom and steals two other oscorp
inventions an exoskeleton and jet glider
peter wakes up the next morning feeling better
than ever he also learns his scrawny physique
now ripples with muscles and his eyesight
is perfect at school the day he learns he
can shoot webs out of spinnerets in his wrists he
demonstrates his own new agility by catching mary
jane and her food tray when she slips at lunch
and then beating an enraged flash in a fistfight
that night he and mary jane casually flirt across
the fence separating their backyards although
flash breaks this up when he arrives with his new
car peter believes he needs a car to impress mary
jane but knows neither he nor the cash strapped
and retired ben and may would be able to afford
one one night he spies an advertisement in the
paper a local professional wrestling league will
pay three thousand dollars to anyone who can
survive three minutes in the ring with their
champion bone saw peter designs a suit and heads
out to the arena telling ben and may he is going
to the library van and may are worried about the
changes in peter's personality and ben insists on
driving him to the library he tries to explain his
and may's concerns he encourages peter not to get
into any more fights he might have the power
to beat the flash thompsons of the world but
with great power comes great responsibility the
responsibility to know when and how best to use
that power peter reacts badly he tells ben he is
not peter's father and should not act like he is
peter not only survives the wrestling
match he defeats bone saw in two minutes
but the promoter pays peter only 100 angry at
being gypped peter stands aside as an armed robber
holds up the promoter however when he gets out to
the street he discovers the robber fatally wounded
ban and stole his car in anguish peter chases
down the robber and beats him the robber falls
out of a window where his body is recovered by the
police that same night a menacing figure wearing
the stolen oscorp exoskeleton and riding the jet
glider attacks a weapons test at quest aerospace
oscorp's chief competitor their prototype
is destroyed and general slocum is killed
peter is inspired by ben's admonition to use his
spider powers for the greater good he designs a
new costume and swings around new york foiling
petty robberies and muggings as the amazing
spider-man a name he borrows from the announcer
of the wrestling match this does not endear him
to j jonah jameson the editor and publisher of the
daily bugle new york's leading muckraking tabloid
however when he learns spider-man sells newspapers
he puts out a call to photographers for better
photos for his front page peter harry and mary
jane graduate from high school and move to
manhattan peter and harry get aloft together and
attend classes at empire state mary jane works as
a waitress and struggles to get acting auditions
she and harry also begin seeing one another harry
apologizes to peter but points out peter was
always too shy to make a move himself peter
struggles to hold down a job norman offers to help
him find one but respects peter's desire to make
his own way in the world peter sees jameson's
advertisement for good photos of spider-man and
webbing his camera in convenient places gets
excellent photos of his own heroic actions
although jameson doesn't pay well he agrees to buy
more of peter's photos norman is also happy quest
has to reorganize after the debacle that killed
slocum oscorp has more government contracts and
the company's stock is soaring he is crestfallen
to learn the board of directors has chosen this
moment to accept a buyout offer from quest his
insanity manifests itself in a split personality
the driven yet confused norman and the murderous
scheming villain who will soon become known as
the green goblin as the goblin he attacks oscorp's
annual unity day street fair and kills the board
of directors his attack also endangers mary jane
spider-man fights off the goblin and rescues mary
jane when she nearly falls to her death mary jane
finds herself falling in love with spider-man
a feeling only reinforced when he saves her from
some rapists a few days later during a rainy night
this time she thanks him with a deep
kiss she doesn't know he is really peter
the goblin decides he and spider-man should
be partners he attacks the bugle office to
lure spider-man into a trap using knockout gas
to subdue him and then give spider-man a few
days to think over his offer of partnership he
warns spider-man the city will eventually turn
against him and that they should rule it together
a few days later on thanksgiving goblin stages a
fire in an apartment building to get an answer
from spider-man spider-man refuses to join with
goblin and the two fight spider-man receives a bad
cut on his arm as norman and peter the goblin and
spider-man are due at the loft for thanksgiving
dinner they each race back separately when peter
arrives to dinner with fresh blood from the cut on
his sleeve norman realizes peter is spider-man and
hastily leaves on the way out he insults mary jane
and she leaves her that harry didn't defend her
that night goblin attacks aunt may
at home sending her to the hospital
while visiting her mary jane reveals her crush
on spider-man to peter but they wind up having
an intimate moment themselves harry sees this
and knows his relationship with mary jane is over
goblin decides to strike at spider-man through
mary jane he kidnaps her then sabotages a trolley
car along the roosevelt bridge when spider-man
arrives goblin gives him the choice of saving mary
jane or the trolley car then drops them both from
the bridge spider-man manages to save both with
an assist from a passing barge and pedestrians on
the bridge who pelt goblin with debris and delay
him from his attempts to kill spider-man goblin
instead grabs spider-man and throws him into an
abandoned building the two fight and the goblin
overpowers spider-man even throwing a pumpkin
bomb directly at spider-man's face heavily
damaging spider-man's mask and wounding him
as the goblin holds back spider-man and
is about to kill him with dual blades
he makes the mistake of threatening mary
jane enraged at this spider-man beats goblin
senseless overpowering him but stops when the
goblin unmasked to reveal himself to be norman
peter is shocked that norman is the goblin
norman then tries to reason to peter that
all of the actions that had occurred were from
the influence of the goblins persona upon him
as norman talks to peter asking for forgiveness
goblin's jet glider appears behind spider-man
and the goblin persona takes over norman goblin
tries to use his jet glider to kill spider-man
but he leaps out of the way just in
time norman is impaled and killed
as he dies norman asks peter not to tell harry
about the green goblin spider-man takes norman's
body back to his penthouse apartment harry sees
them and blames spider-man for norman's death
at the funeral he vows revenge and thanks
peter for being such a great friend
peter goes to visit uncle ben's grave mary jane
finds him there and confesses her love for him
she kisses him tenderly passionately peter
wants to tell her the truth but can't
instead he tells her he can never be more than
her friend mary jane has an inkling that she
might have kissed him before but peter walks away
knowing both his blessing and his curse in life
who am i i'm spider-man thanks for watching make
sure to like the video if you enjoyed it subscribe
to the channel if you want to see more of these
movie summaries it really helps the channel out